Add AWS deploy scripts (#13)
marmelab/labyrinth: README.md

api-domain          127.0.0.1:9001
```

## Deploy to production

> To dpeloy to production, you will need the SHH key and add it to `.secrets/labyrinth-ed25519`. Then you can run the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy to production, you will need the SSH key and add it to `.secrets/labyrinth-ed25519.pem`. Then you can run the
```
